docs: sync Chinese benchmark doc and add notes on running the benchmark (#7035)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/benchmark.md

```shell

> wrk -d 60 --latency http://127.0.0.1:9080/hello

Author: The English version is using this command as well. I think the `wrk` binary is not always in the current directory, so only `wrk`  is better?

> wrk -d 60 --latency http://127.0.0.1:9080/hello

Reviewer: ok, Please be consistent.

```

For more reference on how to run the benchmark test, you can see this [PR](https://github.com/apache/apisix/pull/6136) and this [script](https://gist.github.com/membphis/137db97a4bf64d3653aa42f3e016bd01).

**Note**: if you want to run the benchmark with a large number of connections, for example:

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

./wrk -t200 -c5000 -d30s http://127.0.0.1:9080/hello
```

You may have to update the **keepalive** config in the [conf/config-default.yaml](https://github.com/apache/apisix/blob/master/conf/config-default.yaml#L242).

> Connections exceeding this number will become short connections. For more doc: http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.h

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connections exceeding this number will become short connections. For more details you can refer to: http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html
```
